Alright, so now we're in a really good spot.
We've enrolled an Apple developer, we've set up Xcode.
Actually, there is one more thing in Xcode, I just forgot.
Make sure you drop this to like 17.0, because it was previously on 18.5, which
means anyone
that's not on iOS 18.5 cannot use your app.
So this is very crucial.
Drop it down to 17, 17 should be just fine, but remember to do this, very
important, don't
miss out.
Okay.
So this is the core tech stack, and I originally thought I would like run
through like going,
like setting up the accounts, like kind of go through the platforms.
But to be honest, I will do that later down the line.
I just want to show you guys what the tech stack would be.
For me, I use Firebase.
You can also use Superbase, but I'm not really qualified in that realm.
So I'm going to stick to Firebase, which is what I know.
We use Superwall for the Pails.
We use Mixpanel for Analytics.
And we also use Adjust for a bit of Analytics as well, but more on the traffic
side of things
for us, Mixpanel was like very usage based.
So we can see what users are doing on the app when they drop off, et cetera, et
cetera.
We are also going to use the chat GPT API to like rate the faces of people that
are scanning
their face on the UMAX clone.
So that's important to note.
And I'll run through installing about all of this, like when it comes to it.
I think that's way more helpful.
The only thing that you immediately need to download is SF symbols.
So go to this page.
It's linked.
This is by Apple.
There's a download button on the top right.
Again, I'd recommend downloading six instead of the beta because the beta is
unstable.
And I just personally wouldn't recommend it right now.
So then download six, and I'll show you what SF symbols looks like.
It just gives you access to a bunch of icons that you can use for your app,
which we will
also be using to create set up later down the line during this tutorial.
So that's all from this side, and we're ready to move on to architecture.